git remote
git remote add origin https://github.com/swapnilg915/reflections.git
git remote -v

origin = remote's name

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because I can have the flexibility of when to pull and when to push.

forking = getting clone of somebody's directory directly on my github repo. Hence I can pull it on my local machine, make appropriate changes to work on it and then push it. 
It is very easy and it takes just a 1 command to do it.

But forking have a disadvantage : that is If i make any changes to this forked directory and push it , the changes are linked to the original directory of someone, so git also changes that original dir.

when we take a clone, git automatically sets a remote for that directory (for push and pull), so we dont need to do it manually using commands git remote, and git remote add origin ....


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

clone : clone is a copy of the git repo on our local machine. eg. ud120-projects
fork : It is a copy of a somebody's project on my github account directly. Not necessarily on a local. eg. recipe
branch : Branch is a another copy of out project on our local machine. Like master is our main branch, easy-mode is the another branch that we have created.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
I cant answer this.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
The easy way to collaborate is using pull request. Ican create a new branch on my local, make a change i want and add,commit,push it to github. Then I will create a pull request (this is the request that i am making to the original owner of the fork dir that, please pull my changes in the original fork dir), then if he want, he can merge the pull request to accept it.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

when we are working on a new feature or we want to try something new and we dont know whether it will work or not, we create new branch.
